You're such a hypocrite.
You weren't there for her when she gave birth.
If you were there for her, none of this would have ever happened.
You don't care about anyone in this family. All you care about is money.
You know what? I'm glad I'm not your daughter.
It seems you can't grow out of being the spoiled brat you are.
The Bowdoin family doesn't need servants like you.
I don't ever want to see you in my house again.
Dad. Dad, please don't be upset.
Aaron, you're here.
Charlotte can be arrogant sometimes.
But for my sake, can we keep her around?
I didn't get the best education when I was younger.
But Charlotte is the same age as me. I believe I could learn a lot from her.
All right. But you're definitely much better than this brat.
At least you know how to avoid bringing shame to your own family.
I have no say in front of your father anymore.
I just hope you can protect Charlotte. Keep her safe.
Don't worry. I will. Are you okay?
I'm fine. And you know what? I don't want your pity.
Okay? I'd rather leave here than be stuck with all of you.
Charlotte.